blog.md, before:

I am looking forward to learning more about coding!
After working with codeanywhere and gitHub for a few hours the most important thing that I have learned is that its the little things that count. Even something as small as saving your file can make all the difference when adding and committing.

Week One

This first week of bootcamp has been quite the experience. It started with meeting my fellow bootcampers and instructors to begin the process of learning about coding. My first week has gone well. 

There were definitely some things that I didn't expect, like using the terminal to start and submit code to a repository. I think going in it was hard to know exactly what to expect, since I have never really done anything like this before. This first week has followed a somewhat similar path to prework.

I am excited to learn more about styling and making the blog page look a little more presentable. I was able to complete an "Intro to Web Pages" module on grasshopper to get me started and I am looking forward to learning more and being able to apply that to my own blog.

This blog is going to be a place where I can showcase my increasing digital literacy and progress as we make our way through the bootcamp. I look forward to sharing my path including my successes, trials, and what projects I am working on.

Commit message:

Cleaning up and adding some flair to the blog!

blog.md, after:

# **Week One August 26th, 2021**

## The start of my path!!

This first week of bootcamp has been quite the experience. It started with meeting my fellow bootcampers and instructors to begin the process of learning about coding. My first week has gone well. 

There were definitely some things that I didn't expect, like using the terminal to start and submit code to a repository. I think going in it was hard to know exactly what to expect, since I have never really done anything like this before. This first week has followed a somewhat similar path to prework.

I am excited to learn more about styling and making the blog page look a little more presentable. I was able to complete an "Intro to Web Pages" module on grasshopper to get me started and I am looking forward to learning more and being able to apply that to my own blog.

This blog is going to be a place where I can showcase my increasing digital literacy and progress as we make our way through the bootcamp. I look forward to sharing my path including my successes, trials, and what projects I am working on.

![My Favorite Team](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/0/0c/Liverpool_FC.svg)
